hello to all guys here then sure
day question or teach me how to go
how to download the game boy emulator
advance after then go to our
default browser I on google chrome
go to google
I had also let go of the surface
where the oil we write emulator
gba to mancio is and we must go up
this softonic softonic here it is
first no he then knows to the gospel straight
linking description we do tollot
Once we would have done it from a left over
that making torlot is free
and we're going to download it or a little
well click we make do it
we wait it goes well it is not that it takes
he had so much since then
we accept we do personally
I don't want to download these pronunciation
dry advertising no thanks
ok let's wait and once it gets
finished it should appear
how come and now
here we are , the travel folder appears
that we must do we go we go to
put in the desktop once I had it
put our arrival that then as
he says follow
[Music]
well how do you replace
oh well now
and I must also teach the name
meanwhile we have romantic no we have
so language for English
however now I have to teach them
commerce that receives this well
here is a site where we can go to
find the joys we want to put on then
on the lamone women from the boy
for example let's take with it I know
well let's say dragon ball of the co2 league
we need people two hubs again and
I think they do click we must
wait a little while
then
more written here is when I talk about no
now this thing will appear here
night 21 08 here it is in the city ​​as well
download pause and then I'll show you how
do it parts here it is ready and
we can internet and leave it indeed
that's why then open we ask the
maximum at the root how to do
let's open this makes it start over and that
I had to do
you can create a special folder for
the games drag this dragon ball
in the court of games than in you now
what we must do we have this reserve
it is and we eat we open and we go
here is between a ball z when the
committed a folder of joy in you
let's bree how to see well
[Music]
I thought it works perfectly like
we can choose the language we understand
francesca valente at this time
because it is there but it goes from the news
Hi everyone and I hope this video
tutorial you have been useful
leave a like hello and the next